DOC add FAQ for using images in scikit-learn (#28616)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/faq.rst

  Please do not email any authors directly to ask for assistance, report bugs,
  or for any other issue related to scikit-learn.

> How can I obtain permission to use the images in scikit-learn for my work?

Reviewer: I would put this entry in the "About this project" (first section).

I think we need to be more precise here. We are speaking about the images contained in the scikit-learn repository or generated in the scikit-learn documentation.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> 
> The images in scikit-learn can be used for your work by complying with the BSD
> 3-clause license, which grants permission for usage. Should you use
> scikit-learn, please feel free to :ref:`cite us <citing-scikit-learn>`.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The images contained in the `scikit-learn repository <https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn>` and the images generated within the `scikit-learn documentation`<https://scikit-learn.org/stable/index.html> can be used via the `BSD 3-Clause License <https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn?tab=BSD-3-Clause-1-ov-file>` for your work. Citations of scikit-learn are highly encouraged and appreciated ref:`cite us <citing-scikit-learn>`.

```
